+++
date = 2019-09-25
lastmod = 2019-09-25

title = "Container Security for Red and Blue Teams"

time_start = 2019-09-25T09:30:00
time_end = 2019-09-26T17:00:00

abstract = """
An organization using micro services, or any other distributed architecture rely heavily on containers and orchestration engines like Kubernetes and as such its infrastructure security is paramount to its business operations. This workshop will focus on how attackers can break into docker container and Kubernetes clusters to gain access, escalate privileges to infrastructure by using misconfigurations and application security vulnerabilities. Then as a blue team we will see how we can leverage the power of automation at multiple layers like Infrastructure Security, Supply chain Security and Run time Security to protect against the container security attacks. At the end of the workshop we will verify the security of the cloud native infrastructure by performing automated security scan with the help of CIS Benchmarks for both Docker and Kubernetes.

By the end of the workshop participants will able to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in applications running on containers inside Kubernetes clusters. The key take away for audience will be learning from these scenarios how they can assess their environments and fix them before attackers gain control over their infrastructure. Trainer will share examples of real world security issues found in penetration testing engagements to showcase mapping of the attack usually happens in the real world and how it can be mitigated as well
"""

abstract_short = ""
event = "c0c0n XI"
event_url = "https://india.c0c0n.org/ws_4"
location = "Kochi, India"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.

#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++
