+++
date = 2018-10-17
lastmod = 2018-12-05

title = "Attacking & Auditing Docker Containers"

time_start = 2017-10-03T09:30:00
time_end = 2017-10-04T17:00:00

abstract = """
Developers and Operations teams (DevOps) have moved towards containers and modern technologies. Attackers are catching up with these technologies and finding security flaws in them. In this workshop, we will look at how we can test for security issues and vulnerabilities in Dockerised environments . Throughout the workshop we will learn how we can find security misconfigurations, insecure defaults and container escape techniques to gain access to host operating system (or) clusters. In the workshop, we will look at real world scenarios where attackers compromised containers to gain the access to applications, data and other assets.

By the end of workshop participants will be able to:

* Understand Docker security architecture
* Audit containerised environments
* Perform container escapes to get access to host environments

The participants will get the following:

* A Gitbook(pdf, epub, mobi) with complete workshop content
* Virtual machines to learn & practice
* Other references to learn more about topics covered in the workshop
"""

abstract_short = ""
event = "c0c0n XI"
event_url = "https://is-ra.org/c0c0n/2018/workshop/pre-conference-workshop/"
location = "Kochi, India"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.

#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


Refer to [https://is-ra.org/c0c0n/2018/workshop/pre-conference-workshop/](https://is-ra.org/c0c0n/2018/workshop/pre-conference-workshop/)
