+++
date = 2017-08-17
lastmod = 2017-08-17

title = "Monitoring & Defending Infrastructure Security Attacks"

time_start = 2017-08-17T09:30:00
time_end = 2017-08-17T17:00:00

abstract = """
Monitoring for attacks and defending them in real-time is crucial. Crunch through all the logs from the various sources (servers, applications, firewalls etc.) to gain insights from anomalies in real time. Making the right choices from the attacks can prove to be a nightmare. Even with the solutions already available in the market. In this workshop we can see attacks happening in real time using a centralised dashboard. By collecting logs from various sources we will monitor and analyse the attacks. Using data gleaned from the logs, we can apply defensive rules against the attackers. We will be using open source technologies to build this monitoring solution.

**COURSE CONTENT**

The workshop at the very least will include the following hands on topics:

* Understanding problems with traditional logging methods
* Introduction to ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana)
* Setting up Elastic Stack
* Setting up Infrastructure to collect logs
* Correlating the logs and centralized management
* Creating dashboards with custom queries and visualizations
* Alerting for attack patterns and queries to Slack, Email
* Automated defence demo using Serverless technology (AWS Lambda)
* Use cases and future improvements
* Best practices and production deployment tips

**PREREQUISITE**

* Bring your laptop with admin/root privileges.
* You will need at least 10 GB of free space for virtual machines.
* Your laptop should be capable of running 64-bit VMs inside Virtual Box.

**PARTICIPANTS REQUIREMENTS**

* Attendee should be familiar with Linux command line usage

**DURATION (1/2 DAY)**

1 day

**WHO SHOULD ATTEND**

Security Engineers & Analysts, SOC Teams, IT/Network Administrators, Who interested to automate security monitoring

**WHAT TO EXPECT**

* Lot's of hands-on to build your own FOSS based Security Monitoring System.
* Understanding and using open source tools to defend against attacks in near real-time
* Dealing with large amount and different kind of logs formats
* Best practices to deploy and manage the stack in your environments
* Give away check-lists, play books, walk-through guides

**WHAT NOT TO EXPECT**

We will be mostly doing how ELK will help to security monitoring, we don't cover scaling ELK stack.
"""

abstract_short = ""
event = "c0c0n X"
event_url = "http://is-ra.org/c0c0n/ws_5"
location = "Kochi, India"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.

#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

## Workshop Highlights

{{< tweet 896688799064875008 >}}
